this is Transformers Prime beast hunter
cyberverse hardshell demolitions expert
or the insecticon there's a quick look
at the packaging green and yellow I
would have wished him to be more black
more of this color but Hasbro decided he
would be army green for some weird
reason but I don't know okay onto the
figure itself uh I thought the sculpt
was okay I wish this was this would have
been a Voyager Class figure but alas we
will just be getting him as a sailor
vert I hope it's not too late to make a
Voyager Class figure of this one at
least a deluxe again it comes with this
weapon spiky weapon as this firing
gimmick yeah articulation not too bad
it's just my thing about this this
figure it feels again with the
flimsiness of the figure there's a lot
of cable going on everywhere there's a
lot of moving pieces here and there that
don't really snap into place also the
head does not spin I found out the hard
way as you can see there's a little bit
of hairline crack right there I actually
broke off this piece of his neck of his
head's like these external fangs or
tusks or whatever I sort of broke it off
trying to twist it super gluing it back
on luckily no harm as much harm done
pretty cool
transformation is a little bit
interesting not annoying the only
problem I have is really the scale and a
little bit of the flimsiness but if you
love the cyberverse scale this is a
figure you have to pick up the figures
part of the second wave of the
cyberverse beast hunters figures
together with trail cutter and III seen
in shops this guy is being picked up
more than trail cutter for obvious
reasons this is an easy new mode so for
all of you size comparison junkies out
there here we go yeah they're small they
get smaller every year every month
whatever transform him got this chicken
leg going on transform him go ahead and
fold the feet
that and then go ahead and fold this
right here the feet I'm gonna go this
way they're gonna fold fold the neck
down fold for the torso onto his chest
like that it forms the back part the
thorax or abdomen of the insecticon and
then position the wings however you want
the shoulder pads oops sorry
the shoulder pads are gonna be part of
the head of the insect you know tab as
well on mine but but it's fine yeah
rotate the head and leg section of the
figure go ahead and put up its front
feet the arms are going to become the
hind legs sort of like kickback anyone
that or was it like this yeah my bad
okay like that okay yeah sorry doing
there we go and that's that there is
hard shell or the insecticon in his in
sick does weird weird noise I suppose
you can mount the gun here if you wanted
to it's okay it looks great without the
gun anyway maybe like this yeah
wings position in any which way you want
as long as it looks like an insecticon
or an insect yeah they don't click oh
they do actually do they do close in
which is nice interesting uh so there
he's got an opening mouth
nice headsculpt nice insect head skull
and again you know my only major
complaints about this figure is the size
the color and little flimsiness not a
whole lot but it's a great cyberverse
figure and if you're really into the
scale I recommend you pick this one up
so I hope you've enjoyed this video
review sorry you're probably asking
though they don't move he did click the
thumbs up icon the bottom falling in
Twitter keek Instagram Instagram has all
my toy sightings here and I lucky cuz my
small video hauls and Instagram already
said that twitter has all my toy
purchases today catch my videos on
YouTube on to my channel chef at Ron and
FX France most of the video new videos
are gonna be on chef Tron so but make
sure you subscribe to that as well check
out the videos I submit to tech sushi
this has been Transformers Prime beast
hunters cyberverse hard shell thanks for
watching